#EXTM3U


====================================================== MOVIES =================================================================================================


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9d/Paramount_Network_%28Blue%29_Logo.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Paramount Network
#http://vod.linknetott.swiftcontent.com/Content/HLS/Live/Channel%28ch309%29/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/hits_tv_sg.png" group-title="Premium Movies",HITS
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.hitstv.com/assets/hits-movies-logo-white.png" group-title="Premium Movies",HitsMovies
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/b104eede/2fe8_r32.jpg" group-title="Premium Movies",Rock Action
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Rockaction/sa_dash_vmx/Rockaction.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_12.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Galaxy Premium
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://subsystem.indihome.co.id/cms-ih/assets/uploads/channel_list/UPLOAD-1635233977-.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Galaxy
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9d/Paramount_Network_%28Blue%29_Logo.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Paramount Network
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Paramount-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Paramount-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/KIX_LOGO_150x150.jpg" group-title="Premium Movies",KIX
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/thrill_150x150px.jpg" group-title="Premium Movies",Thriil
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://subsystem.indihome.co.id/cms-ih/assets/uploads/channel_list/UPLOAD-1648809294-.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Celestial Movies
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/b/b8/CCM_new_Logo.png/revision/latest?cb=20190603053700" group-title="Premium Movies",Celestial Classic
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.googleusercontent.com/kLDF64sdHJiS3n7t59yPqtNTsp3xjx4FhnTXg5RDubB2Ps7Pxc-mZpV8YezhdsJl7xB6r4Kpqg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" group-title="Premium Movies",Cinema World HD
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://ws.kapallayar.cc//image//Logo//ENT//New//E_SonyPix.png" group-title="Premium Movies",SONY PIX
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=org.w3.clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key={ "keys":[ { "kty":"oct", "k":"ohGIruj8XFbQFvz/zGsilQ", "kid":"zhcmSzF9sQjxnNwRqhqeZg" } ], "type":"temporary" }
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/x7rXWd2ERZ2tvyQWPmO1HA/master.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d8/Gem_TV_logo_2020.png/800px-Gem_TV_logo_2020.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Sony GEM
https://cdn08jtedge.indihometv.com/dassdvr/133/sgem/manifest.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_16.jpg" group-title="Premium Movies",MyCinema
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MyCinema/sa_dash_vmx/MyCinema.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_17.jpg" group-title="Premium Movies",MyCinema Asia
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MyCinema-Asia/sa_dash_vmx/MyCinema-Asia.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_15.jpg" group-title="Premium Movies",My Family
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MyFamily/sa_dash_vmx/MyFamily.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Cinemachi.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Cinemachi HD
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mimyuni.com/assets2020/images/logo-channel/cinemachi-kids.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Cinemachi Kids HD
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Kids-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Kids-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mimyuni.com/assets2020/images/logo-channel/cinemachi-action.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Cinemachi Action HD
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Action/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Action.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Cinemachi%20MAX%20Square%20(black).png" group-title="Premium Movies",Cinemachi Max HD
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Max-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Max-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Cinemachi%20Xtra%20(black).png" group-title="Premium Movies",Cinemachi Xtra HD
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Xtra-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Xtra-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://subsystem.indihome.co.id/cms-ih/assets/uploads/channel_list/UPLOAD-1613353271-.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Indonesia Movie Channel
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.cubmu.com/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://lic-cubmux.konslet.workers.dev/4rr0w/play.wv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/id/a/a7/Bioskop_Indonesia_TV.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Bioskop Indonesia
https://cdnjkt4.transvision.co.id:1000/live/master/3/4028c6856fd0d66d0170341bf1000905/manifest.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bc/FMN_%28Forget_Me_Not%29_Channel.png" group-title="Premium Movies",FMN (Telenovela)
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZjdiMDljNTItMmYzZC0zNDcyLTllYmItY2QxNDdiYzlhZWY0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_23.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Zee Bioskop
https://cempedak-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b6/Sony_Max_new.png" group-title="Premium Movies",Sony Max
http://vod.linknetott.swiftcontent.com/Content/HLS/Live/Channel%28ch174%29/index.m3u8
